Remove ecosystem stuff and port to scientific-python-hugo-theme (#413)
scipy/scipy.org: content/en/gethelp.md

---
title: Get Help
sidebar: false
---

> **User questions:** The best way to get help is to post your question to a site
> like [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/scipy), with
> thousands of users available to answer.  Smaller alternatives include
> [IRC](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=%23scipy) and
> [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Scipy/). We wish we could keep an eye on
> these sites, or answer questions directly, but the volume is just a little
> overwhelming!

Reviewer: We removed IRC recently and I guess we should remove reddit as well. Discourse would be better as we said elsewhere.
```suggestion
**User questions:** The best way to get help is to post your question to
the [user mailing list](https://mail.python.org/archives/list/scipy-user@python.org/)
or a site
like [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/scipy), with
thousands of users available to answer. We wish we could keep an eye on
these sites, or answer questions directly, but the volume is just a little
overwhelming!
```

**Development issues:** For SciPy development-related matters (e.g. bug reports), please
see [Developer Zone](/dev-zone).

# [StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/scipy)

A forum for asking usage questions, e.g. "How do I do X in SciPy?”. Please [use the `#scipy` tag](https://stackoverflow.com/help/tagging)

> ***
> 
> # [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Scipy/)
> 
> Another forum for usage questions.
> 
> ***
> 
> # [IRC](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=%23scipy)
> 
> Another real-time chat room where users and community members help each other.
> 
> ***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
